Q1: Why are you applying for Financial Aid? (150 words minimum required)
Ans: I am a resident of Pakistan and wish to learn Machine Learning for the benefit of my work. However, I do not have a job to support the expenses of obtaining a certificate for the course. My family's annual income is low compared to the average income in my country. I am seeking an internship to support myself, but I still cannot afford the cost of the certificate. My only means of support is through scholarships. Due to these financial constraints, it is difficult for me to gather the necessary funds for the certificate. I am in need of financial aid to take this course without impacting my monthly expenses. This financial aid will open new opportunities for me to take Coursera courses and will aid me in my future. I plan to complete all assignments on time, participate in discussion forums, and grade peer-reviewed assignments to gain valuable learning experiences.



Q2: How will taking this course help you achieve your career goals? (150 words minimum required)
Ans: I am interested in taking this course to learn Machine Learning. I want to complete the course out of curiosity and to enhance my resume for job opportunities. This course will improve my job prospects after graduating from my institute by providing me with the necessary skills to perform well in computer programming, giving me an advantage over my peers. A verified certificate from this course will also add credibility to my qualifications. The software technology industry is becoming increasingly competitive and specialization is highly valued. I was recommended this course by one of my seniors. As a junior in college, I will soon be entering the job market and I believe that having a certification in this course will make me stand out among thousands of applicants and increase my chances of getting a high paying job in top companies as the world is generating 100 times more data than 2018, many companies are looking for Machine Learning Engineers. This field has a lot of potential and career opportunities.

